Good morning, everybody.
I'm David Duncan with the iAd Group,
and we're going to talk about iAd
Implementation Best Practices.
So just going to go over quickly first,
what is an iAd?
I'm sure a lot of you have seen them,
but for those that haven't,
we're just going to go quickly on
what iAd is and what is the experience
that your customers are going to see
when they actually launch an iAd.
After that, we're going to spend a
little time talking about
some mobile advertising 101,
just all those terms that you'll see
in the portal on your reports so that
you'll understand exactly what we're
telling you has been going on in
your application with respect to ads.
Once we've gotten that done,
we're going to go ahead and jump
into the nitty-gritty of actually
integrating iAd into your application,
configuring your application in the
portal so that you'll get iAds when
you actually ship to the App Store,
as well as adding banners or
interstitials to your application so
that users will actually see those ads.
And finally, a few best practices,
things that you should keep
in mind when working with iAd
and just with iOS in general.
So with that, let's go ahead and take
a look at what is an iAd.
iAd is just a really great ad experience
using all those technologies and features
of iOS that you take advantage of in your
application in these really great iAds,
like the inline video,
gyroscope and accelerometer,
in-ad downloads.
You can get ads that actually download
applications and songs and all
those things to your users' devices.
And it integrates really
nicely with your application.
It's this beautiful banner with this
beautiful content that just flows great
and is worthy of your application.
It's self-contained,
which means that you don't have
to add anything aside from a
framework that already exists
on iOS to your application.
And the greatest part is
when a user goes into an iAd,
they stay in your application.
There's no exiting to anything.
They come right back when they're
done and continue on with the
experience inside of your application.
These are really well-known brands,
things like BMW and Nissan and Target,
things your users are
already familiar with,
things that they're willing
to take a look at and go in,
which means that you're going to see
the advertising revenue from them
actually going and exploring these ads.
And we're always expanding.
We're always looking to go further.
We're in all these countries,
and we're expected to get
into Japan sometime this year.
And so you'll be seeing ads
in more places all the time.
And finally, we take care of all
those privacy concerns.
With a lot of the other groups,
you have to go ahead and collect
things from the device so that you
can identify what that device is.
You don't have to worry
about that with iAd.
It's taken care of for you,
and users will appreciate the enhanced
privacy that iAd has to offer.
And finally,
it's really easy to implement.
You put one of these banners and
integrate them into your application,
and you start receiving ads.
And of course,
the thing that you're all interested in,
you get ad revenue.
60% of the revenue that
we get is your cut.
So once you start
putting these banners in,
you'll start seeing
that cut of the revenue.
And so with that,
a few advertising terms.
So the first thing that you
should be aware of is requests.
And requests are a really simple concept.
When you go ahead and you
create your iAd banner,
then it'll start making
requests in the network.
And that's basically saying,
please give me an advertisement to show.
And when you get a successful
request and you get an advertisement,
Then you'll see that beautiful ad pop in.
You just move the banner on screen and
you get what's known as an impression.
What an impression means is that
you've displayed the banner to
the user and there's been enough
time that's gone by for the user
to actually have seen the banner.
So that's the impression.
And once you know what
requests and impressions are,
we can start looking at fill rate.
So every time you make a request,
we'll try to get a banner.
Sometimes we might not succeed,
and so we want you to hide the banner.
But as long as you succeed
and you display the banner,
you get that impression,
and you get what's the fill rate.
And so all that is is
impressions divided by requests.
And so in our little example here,
we made three requests
and got two impressions,
so we had a 66% fill rate.
It's really that simple.
Similarly, there's the term click
and click-through rate.
And those are very similar when
the user taps on a banner and
starts engaging with the ad.
So they're manipulating it,
they're tapping on controls.
They're actually inside the ad.
You get what is known in
advertising terms as a click.
Obviously, we're on a mobile device,
so everything's taps,
but the advertising term is a click.
Now the click-through rate is, again,
just the ratio between those
clicks and those impressions.
So in our example,
we had a 50% click-through rate
because we only made a click.
'cause we only made two
impressions and only got one clip.
So what is it that advertisers
are actually after?
Well, as we said,
they want those eyeballs,
those impressions.
They want people to see their banners,
and they want people to know
that their brand exists.
But even more so,
they want people to actually
engage with those banners.
So while impressions are great,
clicks are better.
When users actually tap on the
banner and engage with the content,
that's a lot better for them.
And advertisers are
willing to pay for that.
They're far more willing to pay
for people to actually tap on
those banners and engage with
the ad than just for impressions.
But together, those give you revenue.
And a statistic that you can use to
track the performance of ads in your
application is just called ECPM.
And we'll discuss that a
little more in a moment.
So what kind of advertisements are
actually provided by the iAd Network?
Well, as we discussed earlier, brands,
all those Targets and BMWs and Nissans,
those are the brand advertisements.
They're those gorgeous ads that
you see that tout the features
of the latest Nissan Leaf or
whatever else is going on in there.
You also have the developer campaigns.
These are when you decide you want to
advertise your application with iAd,
and you're able to say,
"I want to spend this much money," and
your banners will start appearing with
iTunes links so that users can download
your application right from the ad.
Now, brand advertisements,
they pay for both impressions and clicks.
So those advertisers are willing to pay
for every eyeball that sees their banner,
as well as every time those users tap on
the banner and engage with the full ad.
Developer advertisers
only pay for clicks.
Since these are typically
from developers,
they only really want to pay for
when users actually engage with
the banner and are interested in
downloading those applications.
And again, you get 60% of the revenue.
So 60% is what you get is for you.
Now we mentioned eCPM earlier,
and that's really just a way
to determine the performance of
advertisements in your application.
Now the formula is there,
but what that really means is how
much money you're expected to make,
how much total revenue you're
expected to get per 1,000 impressions.
So 1,000 impressions comes in,
you make that much money,
that's the eCPM.
Now,
we've always had some common questions
when working with the iAd Network,
such as what affects the requests that
are actually made from your application?
Well, the first thing, of course,
is just how many customers you have.
The more customers you have,
the more people that are actually
launching and using your application,
the more requests are going to be made.
Similarly, banner placement can have a
really important effect on
how many requests you make.
For example,
if you only put your banner on some
introductory screen and never show
it anywhere else in the application,
you're going to make a lot fewer
requests than if you have that
same banner placed on the most
active part of your application.
So it's really important to think
about where you're going to place
the banner in your application so
that you can get those requests as
opposed to just making a few requests
when the user first launches it and
never seeing any more afterwards.
And finally,
time spent in the application.
If a user launches your
application once a week and only
spends a minute or two in it,
you're going to make fewer requests than
someone that launches that app daily,
multiple times a day,
for longer periods of time.
So if your application-- the more
time people spend in your application,
the more requests you're going to make,
and thus, the more requests you're
going to make on the network.
These next two questions, however,
are kind of the same thing.
Recall that our definition of
fill rate is just the number of
impressions you got per request.
So when you ask what affects
my impressions and what
affects my fill rates,
it's really the same kind of
thing because it's all coming
back to those impressions.
Well, what does have effect on that?
Again,
banner placement can have a huge effect
on the number of impressions you get.
If the banner doesn't actually
get shown to the user,
as we showed before,
you're not going to get an impression.
So you need to make sure that
whenever there's an ad available,
you want to show it as soon as possible.
Similarly, the available advertisements
for your application.
Some applications will be compatible
with more advertisements than others,
and depending on what
time of the year it is,
there'll be more or fewer
advertisements available.
So the available advertisements
also has a huge impact on both
impressions and fill rate.
And finally, your customer location.
These are the places that we
expect to be in by the end of 2011.
But if your users aren't
in one of these locations,
then we don't have to serve ads there.
And so you're not going to
see any impressions no matter
how many requests you make.
And finally, why does my fill rate vary?
Well, advertising is implicitly seasonal.
Advertisers want to advertise when
your customers have money to spend.
When do your customers
have money to spend?
Well,
common time is right before the holiday
season or right before back to school.
It's at that point that advertisers
want to spend the most money on
advertising because they want to
lock in those customers and get
as much of their money as possible.
After they've spent their money,
there's less interest in actually
doing advertising because they know
they're not going to get any more money.
So, as the seasons change,
as the time of the year changes,
you're going to see your fill
rate vary just because advertisers
are going to want to spend
more or less advertising money.
So in terms of your own application,
what are the qualities of a
successful application that
actually use advertising?
Well,
One of the most important
qualities is stability.
If a user launches your
application and it crashes,
or they're using your application and
something doesn't work quite right,
they're going to use
your application less,
they're not going to
get as much out of it,
and more importantly,
if they're in the middle of
experiencing one of these great
iAds and your application crashes,
they're going to be
pulled out of that ad.
So you really want to make sure that
your app is as stable as possible,
and we've got a session tomorrow
morning improving the stability of
your application that if you have
any issues or any questions you
want to ask of those engineers,
I recommend you go over there
and take a look at that session.
Next quality is your application
itself should be engaging.
Our iAds are highly engaging.
People love to go in them and take
a look and see what they can see.
But your application
should also be engaging.
That means that they're
going to spend more time,
like we said earlier,
and the more time they
spend in your application,
the more times they launch it a day,
the more integrated it is
in their own daily routine,
the more ads you're going to request,
the more ads that they're
going to actually see,
and the more money you're going to make.
And finally,
even if you have that great engaging
app and that really stable app,
you really need to get the word out.
You need to make sure that you have
those loyal and active customers.
These are the people that will take
your app out at a dinner party,
show it to all their friends,
tell them how to get it,
and just grow your application's network.
So you want to make sure that you
can pull in as many of those loyal
active users as you possibly can,
because that'll mean that more
people are running your app,
you're making more requests,
you're getting more ads,
and you're making more money.
more money.
And so with that,
let's switch over to actually
the first part of implementation,
configuring the iAd Network.
The first thing you want to do is
go into iTunes Connect and make
sure you accept the iAd contract.
If you don't accept the contract,
nothing else will actually
be available to you.
All you do is you request the contract,
a PDF will pop up,
and you sign a digital.
The next thing is you want to make
sure that you properly configure the
primary audience for your application.
This is a hint to us as to what
your application is targeting,
what users there are,
and what kind of ad content we should
actually display in that application.
You can either set it to yes or no,
but be aware that if you set it to yes,
that you are targeting those users
that are under the age of 17,
you cannot change it
for that application.
In order to change it,
you actually have to resubmit the
application under a new bundle
identifier and basically start
over with your customer base.
So make sure you set this
correctly the first time.
We want you to do this honestly,
but we can't change it afterwards.
So make sure that you set it correctly.
And finally, you want to enable iAds.
This is what actually lets you
get ads in your application once
you've published to the App Store.
If you haven't done
that before submission,
then you're going to have to resubmit.
You're going to have to enable iAds,
resubmit your application,
go through iAd App Review again
in order to get this enabled.
So make sure you do it.
I would recommend that as soon
as you decide you're going to
integrate iAd into your application,
just go into the portal and do this.
So what will you see?
Well,
while you're developing your application,
you're running it in the simulator,
or you're running it on your own
device with a development certificate,
you're going to see test ads.
And we intentionally vary the fill rate,
because we want to make sure
that you can test the case,
both when you do and don't get an ad.
So you'll see test ads.
You won't see them all the time,
but be aware that you'll only
see them in your development.
Once you actually publish
your app to the App Store,
and your users and customers start
downloading and using the app,
they will always see live ads.
So you don't have to worry about
any kind of configuration for that.
They'll get live ads.
You're going to get test ads.
And with that,
we'll actually get into doing the
code at iAd to your application.
The iAd framework provides two classes,
the AD Banner View and
the AD Interstitial Ad,
to actually provide content and that
from advertisers in your application.
The iAd Banner View is this
traditional small banner.
You place it at the bottom of your UI,
users can tap on it,
and they'll go into a
full ad when they do.
We introduced this on iOS 4.0 and
we brought out the iPad on iOS 4.2.
And it automatically cycles in new ads.
Once you've created one of these,
it'll make requests on
the network periodically,
get new ads,
and all you have to do is listen to
the delegate methods and display it.
And for those delegate methods,
that's the AD banner
view delegate protocol.
So that's how you
communicate with the banner,
and that's what those are.
The other one, the iAd Interstitial ad,
provides what we call
full screen banners.
These are basically like
pages in a magazine.
We introduced this with iOS 4.3,
and these are available on iPad only.
They provide persistent content.
What that means is that we'll go
ahead and we'll fetch a banner,
and if we're successful,
that banner is in your application
for a long period of time.
You can use it, reuse it,
and do a few special things with it.
And similar to the banner view,
it communicates with the
interstitial ad delegate protocol.
So how do we actually use these?
And we'll start with the banner view.
The first thing, of course,
is banner placement.
Where are we going to put this in our UI?
Well,
you don't want to put it in the center.
If you put it in the
middle of your content,
then your users are
going to get frustrated,
either because they want to work
with your application and they're
accidentally tapping on a banner that
they're then going to have to close and
you're not going to get any revenue for,
or they're going to want to work
with the banner and accidentally
do something in your application
that they're going to have to undo.
It basically is just a mess.
Always make sure that you place
it away from your content.
We recommend at the bottom
of your application.
And of course, to accommodate both
portrait and landscape UIs,
the banner can be configured
to one of two sizes for either
portrait or landscape layouts.
Creating a banner is as easy as can be.
You just alloc and edit.
And you set the delegate.
In this case,
we've got a very simple application.
It's just got one view controller,
and it manages the whole UI.
So we're just going to use
that view controller to manage
those same delegate protocols.
Now, when you actually do get content,
we're going to send you a
variety of messages so that
you can react appropriately.
New on iOS 5,
the first message we're going to send
is this banner view will load message.
We only send that on 5,
so if you're targeting earlier releases,
you'll have to do something else.
But we added this particular method
because a lot of our developers said,
well,
I want to display house ads or ads from
another network while also using iAd,
but iAd might take a little bit
before it gets content to me.
So this method is called as
soon as possible after we get a
response from the server saying,
we've got an ad on the way,
so if you want to display iAd,
this is a great time to do so.
We recommend that you lead with iAd,
so if you get this message,
we recommend that anything
else that you want to display,
you put it off and you go
ahead and display your iAd.
But not just yet, because the next method
that you'll get...
is this banner view did load add.
And what that means is that we've gone,
we've gotten all that
content from the server,
we've prepared it,
and it's ready to display to the user.
Now is the time for you to
add that banner to your UI.
Animated in, it's displayed to the user,
and you'll get that impression.
Now, we'll continue to make
requests for new ads,
and we might not be successful,
in which case we'll send you
this banner view did fail to
receive ad with error method.
That's your cue to pull the banner
out of your UI and hide it so that
the users don't see a blank space.
That's all that is to
handling those content events,
those three methods.
Now the next thing is if you've
got that portrait and landscape UI,
you're going to want to make sure that
you size the banner correctly for both.
So in your will animate rotation
interface orientation method,
this is really all you have to
do to make sure the banner is the
correct size for either portrait,
or landscape.
Just make sure that you check what the
new orientation is and set the banner's
current contents identifier appropriately
for either portrait or landscape.
You then have to just go ahead
and rearrange the rest of your
UI as appropriate and the banner
view will integrate nicely.
So as we've said earlier,
we're all interested in users
actually tapping on that
banner and interacting with it.
So how do you know when that's happened?
Well, when the user taps on the banner,
we'll send you this action
should begin method.
And that's your cue to make your
application as amenable to that ad unit
popping up for the user to interact with.
And what does that mean?
Well, very shortly,
a view controller is going to be
presented over your application.
So you should make sure that
you reduce your memory usage.
Anything that you're
doing in the background,
you want to settle it down.
Any network access you're doing,
you probably want to stop it or pause it.
And you just want to make sure
that your application is doing
as little as possible because you
want the user to have as great an
experience in that iAd as they've
been having in your application.
The more you do to quiesce
what your application is doing,
the faster the iAd will load,
the more likely the user is
going to want to stay with it,
and the more time and fun they're
going to have with the iAd.
So you want to make sure that
when you get this message,
you quiesce everything that
your application is doing
and go ahead and return yes.
Once you do that,
the advertisement pops up.
And the user will interact with it,
spend as much time as they desire,
and when they're done,
they'll eventually hit that
close box or the home button and
come back to your application,
at which point we'll send the banner
view action to finish message.
Again,
this is your opportunity now to start
up all those activities you were
doing before and get your app going
so that the user can have as great
a time as they were having before.
Now, finally,
we want to talk a little bit
more about that did fail to
receive ad with error message.
Now, as we said before,
the absolute minimum thing that you
need to do is hide the banner view.
If you do nothing else,
then you're golden.
But while you're debugging
your application,
you might be interested in what
the particular error you're getting
back is and what it means to you.
So these are all the possible errors
that iAd can return to your application.
But we're going to focus on
these four because they're the
most important ones to you.
This first one, inventory unavailable.
It's an error,
but it's not really an error.
All it means is that we made
a request on the iAd Network,
but we couldn't get a banner.
There isn't one available right now.
And there's not going to
be for a little moment.
So we want you to just hide
that banner view and do whatever
else you're going to do.
So just make sure that,
as with all errors,
We hide the banner view,
and this is good.
The next one you might get
is configuration error.
That typically means that
you forgot to go into iTunes
Connect and actually enable iAd
before submitting to the App Store.
So if you get this error,
and obviously if you're in
production it's going to be a
little hard to figure it out,
but if you get this error,
make sure you go back into iTunes
Connect and you enable iAds
and resubmit your application.
This next one basically means
that you didn't hide the banner
view when we asked you to.
And so we're just going to keep sending
this until you hide the banner view.
So if you see this error,
it means that some part of your logic
in hiding the banner view isn't working.
So correct that,
and you won't see this error anymore.
Now this final one means that you're
making too many requests too quickly.
You've got too many banner
views in your application.
Now we recommend that you
just use a single banner.
Share it with all the view controllers
that are going to display it and not have
to worry about this error ever occurring.
And to get you started with that,
we're going to switch to a demo and show
you how to share a banner view with all
the view controllers of your application.
So right now,
we have this simple little application.
And all it's got is two tabs.
Obviously that doesn't
do a whole lot of work,
but it does something.
And the other one just shows a text view.
And it supports all these orientations,
so all that's good.
But it's a very simple application,
and we just want to add
an iAd banner to it.
So let's go ahead and take a look at how
to do that while sharing that same banner
between both of these view controllers.
So the first thing, of course,
we want to do is add the iAd
framework to our application.
And we're going to use the application
delegate to manage this banner view.
And so it's going to be the
AD Banner View delegate.
And finally,
we're going to declare our own
little protocol on top of it
that's going to manage when a
banner view shows and hides.
Now we've got these two methods,
the showBannerView and hideBannerView
that we're going to send whenever
the banner has content that
we're ready for the user to see.
And similarly, we've got these couple
of optional methods.
So if we've got a view controller,
like you saw that progress controller,
that does work, and we want it to stop
when the ad's coming up,
we send these messages so that those
controllers can stop what they're
doing and restart what they're doing.
So to help with this,
we're going to implement-- we're
going to forward a few things.
We're going to keep our own little
banner view delegate method.
And we're going to maintain a
reference to whatever the current
controller that we're showing is.
So that tab bar has two
view controllers in it.
And we're just going to say,
this is a view controller that knows
about the banner view container.
And so we're just going to
keep that reference so that
whenever we have a message,
we don't have to keep going back to the
tab bar and doing a lot of type casts.
And of course, we're going to synthesize
those properties.
We're going to create the banner view.
So as you see,
we just go ahead and allocate an edit.
And we're going to set the frame
of the banner view so that it's
sitting off the bottom of our UI.
We do this because otherwise
it'll be at the top,
and when it animates in the first time,
it won't look quite right.
So we just want to make sure
we place it at a location
that when it does animate in,
it does what we expect.
Finally,
we're just going to make a reference
of whatever the current control
of the tab bar is referencing so
that we can reference that later.
Now the UI tab bar controller
has a delegate protocol,
and we're going to use a method
on that-- tab bar controller did
select view controller-- to know
when the user taps on that tab bar to
select a different view controller.
Now the first thing we have to
be aware of is that the tab bar
controller will send this message
regardless of whether or not the
view controller actually changes.
So we're just going to check to
see if the new view controller--
if it's the same as the one
that we're already looking at,
we're just going to return and
not do anything additional.
But if the banner view is loaded
and we're changing controllers,
then we want the old controller
to hide that banner view and
the new controller to show it.
And so we do that.
And for the other methods
we're going to implement,
we go ahead and remember that view
controller that we just switched to.
Next, we're going to implement our
content notification methods.
So we've got banner view will load ad.
We aren't showing anything
else in this simple example.
So we're just going to note that
this method was called by logging it.
We've got banner view did load ad.
So we know now that when
we get this message,
the banner view has loaded
content and is ready for display.
And so we're just going to tell the
current controller to go ahead and show
it to the user so we get that impression.
And finally,
this did fail to receive add with error
method so that when we don't get an ad,
we can hide it.
And finally, because the delegate's
going to receive everything,
we need to implement the action should
begin and action did finish messages.
Now in our protocol, those were optional,
so we just make sure that the current
controller actually responds to that.
And if it does, we'll tell it the banner
view began an action or the
banner view action finished.
And so now,
we just need to go ahead and go into
our two view controllers and implement
all of those delegate methods.
So of course, we import our delegate,
and we conform to the
protocol that we created.
And we're going to add some
new forward declarations to
the one that already exists.
So in order to do the layout,
if the user's interface
orientation changes,
we have to keep a reference
to that banner view.
So we do.
We go ahead and synthesize
the property for that.
Now, we already went and implemented this
layout for current orientation method,
but it doesn't need to do anything
right now because all the content
is being taken care of in Interface
Builder using springs and struts.
But now that we're adding a banner view,
we need to actually be
able to relay out content.
So we're going to go
ahead and add that method.
And it looks like a bit of code,
but really all it's doing is it's saying,
if we have a banner view,
then we're going to figure out what's,
we're going to set the current
content size appropriately,
and we're going to ask how tall is it.
And if it's loaded a banner,
then we're just going to make some room
in our UI so that the banner can appear.
And if it isn't loaded,
we're going to animate that banner off.
And then we just do our usual
animation block to actually
make it look like a banner.
move the banner on or off screen.
And finally,
we're going to implement those delegate
methods that we already described.
So when we get the show
banner view message,
we're going to remember
the banner view we got,
add it as a subview to the tab bar,
and do layout so that the banner
view will appear as appropriate.
Similarly, for hide banner view,
we're going to remove it from our view,
forget the reference,
and do layout again.
So that's it for the TextView controller.
And we're going to do something very
similar for our Progress controller.
Implement that.
And add the forward declaration.
and do our layout.
And this is the same
layout code we had before.
And the same methods for
showing and hiding the banner.
Now this particular view controller,
however, also runs a timer that
updates that progress bar.
So what we want to make sure we do is
when the user actually goes into an ad,
we want to stop that timer,
reduce our usage as much as possible.
And to do that,
we're going to implement those
optional methods we created to
just stop and start the timer.
So now that we've got all
of this taken care of,
let's go ahead and take a
look at what that looks like.
So we just loaded the ad,
and we should be showing the ad.
There's the ad.
And we go back here.
And now if we click on it,
watch the progress bar for a moment,
and you'll see that it pauses
right before the ad comes in.
And when we close it,
it starts up again afterwards.
So that's what you want to make
sure that your application does when
the user enters and exits an ad,
that you go ahead and stop all
those activities that might
take a little more CPU time,
a little more memory,
so that the user can have as great
an experience in the ad as possible.
And so with that,
we'll go back to slides.
So now that you've seen
how to share a banner view,
let's go ahead and talk a little
bit more about the other object
that the iAd framework prevents,
the interstitial ad.
Now the interstitial ad is
very simple to create too.
You do the same thing,
just allocate an edit
and set the delegate.
Now, there are two different methods
for displaying the interstitial,
however, and this will really depend on
what kind of application you have,
what the UI of your application is.
The first one we have is this
inline presentation style,
and that's intended for if you've
got like a magazine or a book
where you've got lots of other
content that is also page-like,
and the user will page through and go on,
and they'll just keep swiping through,
and they'll see an interstitial.
The other presentation
style is what we call modal.
And so that would be perhaps if you have
a game or some other application where
there's a break in whatever is going on,
and you want to just
show it interstitially,
see about our sponsors type of page.
And that presents as a view controller,
takes over the UI, and will dismiss after
the user is done with it.
So how do you do this?
Well, we envision that in an
inline presentation,
you're going to want to display this
interstitial as soon as you get it.
So you implement the
interstitial add to load message,
and you use this present in view
method on some view that you'll
create to contain the interstitial.
You go ahead and you add
that to your view hierarchy,
and then as the user pages
around in your content,
They'll see the interstitial
and they can go back to it.
Remember, these are interst-- these are--
These are persistent banners.
So they take over the full screen,
but they last for a long time.
So as the users go back and forth
in your UI and they pass by it,
they'll see the same
interstitial again and again.
In the other presentation style, however,
they're kind of more one shot.
So you don't care about exactly
when the interstitial loaded.
You just want to know if it's
actually been loaded or not.
And so we've got this loaded
property that you can check and say,
OK, the interstitial is loaded.
So I'm going to go ahead and present
it from your view controller.
It'll slide up, take over the UI,
and when the user's done,
they can dismiss it.
Just like with the banner view,
there's this actionShouldBegin
method that is called before the
full interstitials banner is shown.
After that method gets called,
they go into the full ad unit,
they do whatever they would
do just like the banner view,
And when they're done,
you'll get this action to finish.
All the same applies.
A view controller is presented
over your application.
You should quiesce all that activity
that you normally would do and just make
sure and prepare that the user can have
that great experience in the ad just like
they've been having in your application.
And with that, we'll show how to add an
interstitial to a simple magazine
app with the 80 Magazine sample.
All right.
So just like going, just like when you're
adding the banner view,
you're going to want to import iAd.
And whatever view controller is managing
it becomes the interstitial delegate.
This is a very simple app
with a single view controller,
so it can manage it.
If you had a more
complicated application,
you might do the same thing we
did with the shared banner view.
And there are a few instance variables
that we're going to add as well just so
that we can manage that interstitial.
And that's the interstitial add.
Now just like before,
we're going to declare a few
methods that will manage the
interstitial and do some work for us.
Let's go ahead and set
up the interstitial.
That cycle interstitial method
that we just forward declared takes
care of creating a new interstitial
and releasing the previous one
that we might have created earlier.
And we just set this as a flag to know
that we haven't actually inserted it yet.
We add this, and as we said before,
all it does is it releases the old
one and sets the delegate to nil.
This way we won't get any
more messages from that.
And it creates a new one and
similarly sets its delegate to self.
Now, in order to actually add
the interstitial to our UI,
we implement this
insertInterstitial method.
And it's a bit of code,
but all it really is doing is
making sure that we create a
view that's the right size,
and we add a page in our
magazine to contain it,
and then just insert that
interstitial using the presentInView
method into our application.
And finally,
We just want to implement that
load method that we talked about,
interstitial added load,
and it's just going to insert an
interstitial into our application.
So let's see what happens now
that we've got this implemented.
As you can see,
it's just a simple application
that pages through bunnies.
And we now have loaded an interstitial.
And you can page past
it and page back to it.
And if the user taps on it,
they get the full interstitial iAd,
just like with the banner view control,
with the banner view.
So that's interstitials.
And we'll go back to slides.
So now that we've seen how
to add a banner view or an
interstitial ad to your application,
let's get into a few best
practices for when you're actually
using iAd in your application.
So the first thing is,
you need to make sure that you
manage memory warnings properly.
Because while an ad is up,
it can use a considerable
amount of memory.
And you'll probably see memory
warnings while it's happening.
So if you don't implement these properly,
you might get very strange interactions.
And one of the most important things
that you need to make sure you do is that
you don't release those IADD objects.
Remember, those are your connection
to the framework.
They're sending you those
delegate messages that tell
you when an ad is loaded,
when an action's begun,
when an action's finished.
If you release them while an ad
is currently being displayed,
you'll never get the finish call.
And all those things you paused when the
full ad unit popped up won't get resumed.
So just make sure that you implement all
these correctly so that your application
will resume and pick up right after
the user's finished looking at the ad.
Now, the next thing we've seen is that
sometimes people do things that are not
quite right with their view controllers.
Well, in iOS 4,
nesting view controllers just
doesn't quite work right.
There are a lot of kind of edge cases
and gotchas that you might not expect.
And one of them is, as we said,
iAd's going to present a
view controller over yours.
If you're pulling iAd
from one view controller,
but your UI is in another,
then we're going to present over
the view controller from iAd.
And that might mean that when
you come back out of the banner,
that now suddenly the iAd
is at the top of the screen.
Your entire screen is
covered by some other view.
It just doesn't look right.
So iOS 4 doesn't really
understand how to do that.
So make sure that you
do what UIKit expects,
which is that a view controller
represents the entire screen,
and that you don't nest view controllers.
There are alternatives to doing so if
you need to have reloadable content.
But don't do that.
So iOS 4 doesn't really
understand how to do that.
So iAd takes a view from some other
view controller and add it to the
view of one other view controller.
Now, obviously on iOS 5,
we introduced view
controller containment.
Unfortunately,
that session was yesterday morning.
So if you didn't manage to get it,
when the videos come out,
go ahead and take a look at it.
It offers some great new possibilities
for working with view controllers.
So I highly recommend the session.
And if you follow the rules
that UIKit outlines for view
controller containment on iOS 5,
then you can do a lot of things.
So you can do that,
and you can have a great
experience both with iAd and view
controller containment together.
So in summary,
what are your users really after?
Well, your customers--
The advertisers are just
creating some really,
really awesome experiences in iAd.
And your customers
want those experiences.
They want to see those iAds.
They want to tap on those banners
and engage with that content.
And that's really what they want.
They want that great experience,
but not just with those iAds.
They want them with your
applications as well.
So if you can make a great
experience in your application,
then adding iAd means that
you can see that great
experience in your application,
and they can get those
great experiences from iAd,
which means that you're
going to make ad revenue.
So if you remember nothing
else from this session,
I just want to remember,
if you create a really,
really great application
and you add iAd to it,
then you've got that great
experience plus the great
experience that iAd offers.
For more information,
our evangelist is Vicki Murley.
And of course,
we've got the human interface guidelines,
which describe some more
about how to place banners and
interstitials in your application.
And if you've got questions,
we'll be here in the lab a little later.
But we also invite you to come to
the dev forums and ask questions
on there for after the conference.
So again, that Improving the Stability
of Your Apps session,
that's tomorrow morning.
The Implementing
View Controller Containment
was yesterday.
And if you're interested
in how all those ads,
those iAd content gets built, there's the
Building iAd Rich Media Ads with
iiProducer session later today.
Thank you all for coming,
and have a great WWDC.